Project Instructions from Udacity

Practical Statistics
Learn how to apply inferential statistics and probability to important, real-world scenarios, such as analyzing A/B tests and building supervised learning models.

Project: Analyze A/B Test Results

Project Submission
This project will assure you have mastered the subjects covered in the statistics lessons. The hope is to have this project be as comprehensive of these topics as possible. Good luck!

Gather Submission Materials
Once you are satisfied with the status of your Notebook, you should save it in a format that will make it easy for others to read. You can use the File -> Download as -> HTML (.html) menu to save your notebook as an .html file. If you get an error about "No module name", then open a terminal and try installing the missing module using pip install <module_name> (don't include the "<" or ">" or any words following a period in the module name).

You will submit both your original Notebook and an HTML or PDF copy of the Notebook for review. There is no need for you to include any data files with your submission. If you made reference to other websites, books, and other resources to help you in solving tasks in the project, make sure that you document them. It is recommended that you either add a "Resources" section in a Markdown cell at the end of the Notebook report, or you can include a readme.txt file documenting your sources.

Submit the Project
When you're ready, click on the "Submit Project" button to go to the project submission page. You can submit your files as a .zip archive or you can link to a GitHub repository containing your project files. If you go with GitHub, note that your submission will be a snapshot of the linked repository at time of submission. It is recommended that you keep each project in a separate repository to avoid any potential confusion: if a reviewer gets multiple folders representing multiple projects, there might be confusion regarding what project is to be evaluated.

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email once your submission has been reviewed. In the meantime, you should feel free to continue on with your learning journey by continuing on to the next module in the program.
