Project Instructions from Udacity

Introduction to Data Analysis
Learn the data analysis process of questioning, wrangling, exploring, analyzing, and communicating data. Learn how to work with data in Python using libraries like NumPy and Pandas.

Project Submission
Choose one of Udacity's curated datasets and investigate it using NumPy and pandas. Go through the entire data analysis process, starting by posing a question and finishing by sharing your findings.

Evaluation
Use the Project Rubric to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in any category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working!

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same Project Rubric. Your project must "meet specifications" or "exceed specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.

Submission
What to include in your submission
A PDF or HTML file containing your analysis. This file should include:
A note specifying which dataset you analyzed
A statement of the question(s) you posed
A description of what you did to investigate those questions
Documentation of any data wrangling you did
Summary statistics and plots communicating your final results
Code you used to perform your analysis. If you used a Jupyter notebook, you can submit your .ipynb. Otherwise, you should submit the code separately in .py file(s).
A list of Web sites, books, forums, blog posts, github repositories, etc. that you referred to or used in creating your submission (add N/A if you did not use any such resources).
Jupyter notebook instructions
If you used a Jupyter notebook on your computer to create your project, you can include all your code and analysis in the notebook and do not need to create additional files for your analysis. You will still need to export your work in a PDF or HTML format also (see point 1 above), and include this in your submission as well. To download your notebook as an HTML file, click on File -> Download.As -> HTML (.html) within the notebook. If you get an error about "No module name", then open a terminal and try installing the missing module using pip install <module_name> (don't include the "<" or ">" or any words following a period in the module name).

Ready to submit your project?
Click on the "Submit Project" button and follow the instructions to submit!

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email when your submission has been reviewed.
