Project Instructions from Udacity

Data Wrangling
Learn the data wrangling process of gathering, assessing, and cleaning data. Learn how to use Python to wrangle data programmatically and prepare it for deeper analysis.

Project: Wrangle and Analyze Data

Project Submission
In this project, you'll gather, assess, and clean data then act on it through analysis, visualization and/or modeling.

Before you submit:

Ensure you meet specifications for all items in the Project Rubric. Your project "meets specifications" only if it meets specifications for all of the criteria.
Ensure you have not included your API keys, secrets, and tokens in your project files.
If you completed your project in the Project Workspace, ensure the following files are present in your workspace, then click "Submit Project" in the bottom righthand corner of the Project Workspace page:
wrangle_act.ipynb: code for gathering, assessing, cleaning, analyzing, and visualizing data
wrangle_report.pdf or wrangle_report.html: documentation for data wrangling steps: gather, assess, and clean
act_report.pdf or act_report.html: documentation of analysis and insights into final data
twitter_archive_enhanced.csv: file as given
image_predictions.tsv: file downloaded programmatically
tweet_json.txt: file constructed via API
twitter_archive_master.csv: combined and cleaned data
any additional files (e.g. files for additional pieces of gathered data or a database file for your stored clean data)
If you completed your project outside of the Udacity Classroom, package the above listed files into a zip archive or push them from a GitHub repo, then click the "Submit Project" button on this page.
As stated in point 4 above, you can submit your files as a zip archive or you can link to a GitHub repository containing your project files. If you go with GitHub, note that your submission will be a snapshot of the linked repository at time of submission. It is recommended that you keep each project in a separate repository to avoid any potential confusion: if a reviewer gets multiple folders representing multiple projects, there might be confusion regarding what project is to be evaluated.

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email once your submission has been reviewed. In the meantime, you should feel free to proceed with your learning journey by continuing on to the next module in the program.
